AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Sergeant Kim. Put down the gun.
Let me go!
Just calm down.
Calm down.
You promised me my freedom
if I completed this mission.
-You said that the last two times.
-Just calm down. okay?
You can't discharge him.
Discharging someone like him
is unthinkable.
If the North finds out he's still alive.
his existence alone
will cause a diplomatic crisis!
Captain Kang!
You're not the only one here.
Sit down.
He's a tier-one wanted fugitive
in the North anyway.
Why don't we extradite him?
If we make a deal with the North.
we can get something out of it.
It'd be better to eliminate him.
I share everyone's concern
that it'd be dangerous
to allow him back into society.
We should take this chance
to get rid of him first.
Discharge him.
He's done enough for South Korea.
Before every mission.
we promised him his freedom
in exchange for completing it.
We've gone back on our word
multiple times.
Fortunately.
the North believes he's dead.
Let's consider his service record
and grant him a discharge.
General.
Of course.
this isn't the only reason.
There will come a day
when we'll have to use him again.
Until that day comes.
we'll keep 66 alive.
That'll be all.
You're dismissed.
Just wait and see.
You'll come to regret this decision.
EPISODE 7
Hey. it's the spy.
Hey. spy!
Congrats on getting discharged!
Hey. 66!
Hey. 6 times 6 is 46!
-It's 36. dumbass.
-It's 46. dumbass.
-You dumbass.
-6 times 1 is 6. 6 times 2 is 12.
6 times 3 is 18. 6 times 4 is 24.
6 times 5 is 30. and 6 times 6 is 46.
Why the long face? You're discharged.
Yeah. you look like a private
who had his leave canceled.
You're supposed to be the happiest person
in the country right now.
Why did you come here?
"Why did you come here?"
We came to congratulate our underling.
Congrats on becoming
an official South Korean citizen.
Hey.
I brought this for you.
Take a big bite.
That way. you'll get a fresh start.
-Here.
-He's not being released from prison.
Or are you trying to be funny?
There's no difference
between this place and prison.
Come on. take a bite.
There you go.
This is the taste of freedom.
Good. right?
I'll keep in touch.
Where are you going?
We need to have a party!
A grilled pork belly party!
Leave him alone.
He's in no mood for a party.
How about the two of us?
All right.
Then go change.
Then you go get a haircut.
He always has to have the last word.
THE LATE IM YU-JIN
She's asleep.
Support her neck with your left hand.
Will you be okay on your own?
Min-ji. I'm here.
Let's go home now.
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Dad?
Dad!
Wait here.
Min-ji.
I'm here.
Let's go home now.
Dad…
Look at him show up
after we did all the hard work.
Jeez. late as always.
Hey. take your stinky sock.
It doesn't stink.
Don't move.
Unless you want me to blow his head off.
Lay down your weapons.
Hold your aim.
What are you doing?
Drop your guns!
I'll count to three.
-One.
-No. don't kill me!
Drop your guns right now!
Everyone. drop them! That's an order!
Lay down your weapons.
Lay down your weapons!
-Two.
-He just counted to two!
Two!
-Drop your guns!
-Hold your aim!
You're the vice minister
of National Security.
and you're ordering soldiers
to drop their guns?!
What are you doing?
Shoot him now!
We can't. sir.
The vice minister is being held hostage!
-You want to die. bastard?
-Tactical team leader!
You'd better make the right call!
Everyone. drop your weapons!
The vice minister's safety comes first.
That's right! Well done!
Good job!
Drop your guns!
Drop them!
Drop your guns right now!
Hey. Mole Cricket.
He said to drop your gun.
Oh. right.
This is live ammo. Drop your gun.
Drop it.
There you go.
All right.
Everyone. drop your weapons.
come over here.
and get inside the square.
Hurry up.
I said hurry up!
What are you doing?
You punk.
Oh. I forgot. Hey.
-Hold this for me.
-What?
Dad!
Dad.
I'm here now. so don't worry.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Why won't you get inside the square.
you mole rat?
Oh. your pride won't allow it?
Okay. fair.
Stay right behind me.
Listen up.
This isn't just any Claymore.
This one reacts to sound and movement.
It's my masterpiece.
And it's very sensitive.
Try moving if you're curious.
You made us do all the hard work.
Focus.
It's not over yet.
The sensors are working.
You know what happens
if you so much as move a finger. right?
Boom!
Hey. how are we getting out of here?
My Rock or Die…
Hey. Mole Rat.
Hand over the car key.
I know you have a car. Give me the key.
Man. that jerk…
Hand it over. damn it!
Okay. The hero gets to drive.
-Man. I'm busy.
-I'm sorry. sir.
In any case!
When I hit the switch.
it'll arm the Claymore.
Ready?
Hold on. This isn't enough.
Everyone. hands up.
Hands all the way up!
Arms against your ears!
That's it.
Good.
Green light. red light.
What the hell is he doing?
Hey. there it is! Run!
Here we go!
Hold on.
An unidentified car is coming out.
Hey. zoom in.
What the heck?
Wait. those people…
They'll move out of the way.
Hey.
-Seriously?
-Hold on.
Turn off the engine and get out.
Hey. your co-workers seem serious.
They're your co-workers?
Everyone. get out!
Let's get out.
Shooting at your co-worker. huh?
What a scary bunch.
Put down your gun right now!
You promised to surrender
once you found your daughter.
Don't tell me you forgot.
I'll keep my promise
once Min-ji's safety is guaranteed.
There's no safer place than the SMD.
I don't think so.
Please just listen to him!
Drop your guns!
Don't worry. I'll keep my promise.
Lower your gun.
Bring the Cheonsan Unit commander
to my house.
How could you damage a perfectly good car?
Not that it's mine.
-Get in.
-Side mirrors are important. you know.
How am I supposed to change lanes?
Don't worry.
He's a man of his word.
CHEONSAN GROUP RESEARCH CENTER
Open the gate.
Open it!
Open the gate right now!
Hurry!
Let's go.
Gosh. what a nice guy.
We could've just rammed through.
Have a good day!
Dad.
Jin-cheol. step on it.
We can take a breather.
Dad.
Min-ji's calling you. man.
Yeah. Min-ji?
What is it? Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
Where does it hurt? Tell me.
No. I'm okay.
But I don't think you are.
How did you get so hurt?
I'm okay. I'm totally fine.
Fine. my foot.
-Your dad got shot earlier--
-Hey.
Just drive.
It must've been so tough.
Why would you say that?
Look at you.
You must be hungry.
Let's go eat.
-Jin-cheol. let's go eat.
-Sounds good.
How can we eat at a time like this?
You really are my dad.
Well. of course. I'm your dad.
You must've been so scared.
I'm sorry I didn't get there sooner.
I won't ever…
No. Dad.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for making you worry.
I'm sorry for the things I said.
No. Min-ji.
I'm sorry.
What was that? Did Min-ji's stomach growl?
How long has it been since she's eaten?
Now that you two have had your reunion.
let's go eat something.
It's on me.
-What was that for?
-Because you're cool.
Can I eat anything I want?
Over there!
Let's go.
GEUMBI EEL
Man. I'm hungry.
Min-ji. hurry up. I'm starving.
Oh boy.
Let's have some eel.
Yes. sir.
The vice minister
isn't answering his phone.
I think something happened.
We spotted someone infiltrating the SMD
about 30 minutes ago.
We believe he took the girl.
Who was it?
I'm not sure because he's far away.
but based on his build and attire.
I think it's her dad.
Her dad?
Bring both of them in.
I'm going to witness the end myself.
Understood. sir.
As a fellow parent raising a daughter.
I ask that you find it in your heart
to forgive us.
There's nothing better than eel
for middle-aged men like us.
I couldn't be happier.
Don't you agree. buddy?
Right. I couldn't be happier eating eel
while looking like an absolute mess.
-Jeez. my back.
-Look ahead.
By the way. Min-ji.
I noticed that you ate as much as we did.
Yeah. I saw you eating
three pieces at a time.
Kim. you'll need to make a lot of money.
seeing how much she eats.
Thanks for the meal.
-I wanted to eat more but held back.
-What?
-We ate all the eel they had.
-Really?
Yeah!
Thank goodness they ran out of eel--
What the heck?
That jerk doesn't know how to drive.
-Uncle!
-He bought you eel. Let it go.
Don't get mad at me.
That driver's the one at fault.
You should've kept a safe distance.
Hey. I bought you eel.
and this is the treatment I get?
-Dad.
-What the…
Hey. it's blocked.
-Dad.
-It's okay. Don't worry.
Guess I won't be getting home
any time soon.
Looks like they know tactics.
They're not with the SMD.
I'll just get out this way.
Just wait. Min-ji's here.
Min-ji. don't be scared.
It's like getting roadside assistance.
That's right.
-This should be fun.
-It's okay.
What do you mean?
What?
What do you mean by fun?
Are they trying to export us or what?
Who knew it'd be so hard
to get Min-ji home?
Min-ji.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
I'm your daughter. aren't I?
What are these bastards up to?
What are you doing?
Trying to get out.
Just stay put for now.
This is when the hero takes charge.
Hey.
Do they really have to make me
get out like this?
Can you even get out?
I ate too much.
Hey. push me out!
Can you get out?
Jeez. you're too bloated to be a hero.
Hey!
What are you playing at. huh?
Hurry up and get on with it!
I'm a busy man.
What's this?
It's gas!
-Han-soo.
-It's gas!
My skin is fine.
I think it's just sleeping gas.
Just wait a second.
Hey!
-Hey!
-Min-ji.
-You cheeky little punks.
-You're going to fall asleep.
It's better not to fight it.
so just sleep.
I'll be right next to you. so don't worry.
Okay.
I once went a month without sleeping.
What about Uncle Jin-cheol?
He's out there. Will he be okay?
-They're trying to capture us alive.
-He'll be fine. He likes gas.
-Don't worry about him.
-Kim!
Hey. Kim.
Hey. let me in!
Hey!
Open the sunroof!
The sunroof!
Hey. Han-soo!
Open the sunroof! I'm getting sleepy!
But Min-ji's in here.
I get that. but let me… Hey!
Just take a quick nap. hero!
Han-soo! Sung Han-soo!
The sunroof!
Han-soo!
Han-soo…
You jerk. I knew you'd pull this on me…
Check on them.
They're asleep.
Get them out.
Take the girl and her dad
and kill the rest.
Hey. it worked. It actually worked.
You bastards.
I almost died…
I almost fell asleep!
Get them.
There's…
There's still time…
The sun…
The sunroof!
Jeez. I slept like a baby.
I need to wake up.
I think I held out for five minutes.
Oh man.
Jeez. I'm old.
My body isn't the same anymore.
Got any water?
Hold on.
Oh. there you are. Min-ji.
You must be cold.
I'm pretty sure I struck your face.
Get some sleep.
Get plenty of rest.
You're in your growing phase.
Lead vehicle. move out.
Hey. you know what?
You've got speed but no power.
This is how you do it!
Get him!
Hey. hold on.
Min-ji.
Min-ji!
Your punches tell me you're a veteran.
Which division were you in?
Do you know who I am?
Does any of that matter?
You'll be dead soon anyway.
Karambit. huh?
I see you trained overseas.
Where did you serve?
Which unit?
Delta Force? Green Berets?
Which one?
Hang on.
Hey. you can't hit me
when I'm not looking.
I'm not taking a single hit
from here on out.
Bring it.
By the way.
if a soldier pulls out a weapon like that.
it means they're ready to die.
Rock and roll.
It's not over yet!
Not yet.
There it is.
The look of a man
who met someone stronger than him.
Your legs are shaking. aren't they?
And you've got the chills. right?
-Please spare me.
-That's why…
That's why…
you should never mess with…
middle-aged men with glasses!
Just who the hell
are these bastards?
Is he the same guy
who got on his knees in front of us?
Dad!
He seemed like
an ordinary middle-aged man.
How?
What the heck?
Who the hell
are these middle-aged men with glasses?
Rock and roll.
I didn't get hit. I blocked everything.
Hey. aren't you guys tired?
Doesn't it hurt?
Okay.
Come at me again. Oh. wait.
I'll come to you.
Let's stop. guys.
That's enough.
Let's stop.
-Is Min-ji okay?
-Seriously.
You'll wake her. Open the door.
You always show up
right when everything's over.
Why me?
Why am I the only one
doing the hard work?
Is Min-ji okay?
They're from Juhak Construction. right?
Kim isn't going home. is he?
I have to go though.
-Why?
-The water purifier guy is coming.
I've already rescheduled once.
I can't do it again.
Don't worry.
I told you I'd take care of it.
I'm sorry.
Don't say you're sorry.
Just say thank you.
Everything is taken care of. so…
Sir.
What is it?
I think they took down Chief Nam.
What?
Are we here already?
Hey. what's this place? It's really nice.
Watch Min-ji for a bit.
What are you going to do?
There's something
the parents need to settle.
I'd expect no less from you.
See you.
What is this. a parent meeting?
Yeah. with hardcore parents.
Hey. let's turn the car around.
Okay. do it.
Let's turn it around.
I said go ahead and do it.
You're in the front. so you do it.
Is it faster if I go around.
or if you come up front?
I fought a lot. okay?
Rock. paper. scissors.
When I heard Nam was taken down.
I thought you used
some sort of trap or trick.
But you didn't.
You have incredible skills.
Are you ex-special forces or something?
An attempted cover-up and a kidnapping…
Aren't you ashamed as a father?
I did what I had to as a father.
You and I are the same.
I'm sure you weren't
in your right mind either.
trying to find your daughter.
You used your abilities to commit violence
and probably killed people in the process.
So tell me.
Were you ashamed as a father?
I'll make you an offer.
How about we bury the hatchet…
and you come work for me?
Would 100 million won a month be enough?
You got on your knees for your daughter.
Are you going to let your pride
get in the way?
You need money to raise a child.
Being an incompetent parent is a crime.
Having kids
when you can't provide for them?
That's no different from animals breeding.
That's not parenting. It's child abuse.
Think carefully
about what kind of dad you will be
for your daughter.
I don't think you get it yet.
I'm doing you and your daughter a favor.
One phone call.
and I can make all of this go away.
Or I can make it
so you never see your daughter again.
On my way here.
I wondered what I should do about you.
Now I know.
For Min-ji's sake…
I'm going to
end you.
What?
Oh jeez. what kind of parent meeting
are they having?
That's right. Just run.
It's the only way you'll survive.
Hey. Kim. Take it easy.
Why should he?
Dad!
Min-ji.
Dad.
Don't do it.
If you want to live…
beg for my daughter's forgiveness.
With all your heart.
I'm sorry.
I apologize
on behalf of Hye-ri.
As a fellow parent raising a daughter…
I beg you to forgive me.
As a fellow parent raising a daughter.
I ask that you find it in your heart
to forgive us.
Turn yourselves in.
Both you
and Hye-ri.
Even the smallest sin of a parent
turns into a mountain of burden
for their child to carry.
Min-ji.
Let's go home.
Okay.
Let's go.
4 HOURS LATER
Everyone. get down!
Get down!
Psych!
Park Jin-cheol…
Park Jin-cheol. you damn pig!
I wonder what will happen.
Whatever the outcome is.
today will be the last time
Agent Kim sees Min-ji.
DOWON LAUNDRY
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Here you go.
Are you disappointed there's no cake?
It went bad. you see.
It's okay.
You must be hungry. Let's eat.
Those soldiers outside
are waiting for you. right?
Yeah.
It's because of me. isn't it?
Because you tried to rescue me.
-No. it's not.
-Don't lie.
It is.
They're taking you because of me.
Can't you just run away?
Don't think about anything else.
I know you can easily escape.
Dad.
Min-ji.
You see.
I came from North Korea.
I used to live
a very dangerous and rough life.
But everything changed
after I met your mom.
I thought maybe someone like me…
could live an ordinary life.
What kind of person…
was Mom?
She was warmhearted. strong.
and beautiful.
Just like you.
I knew I took after her.
I made a promise to her…
the day you were born.
I promised to leave
my painful past behind…
and just live as your dad.
It was tough at times
because you gave me a hard time.
But you know what?
It made me so happy
to watch you grow up.
But now…
we have to say goodbye.
When can I see you again?
I don't know.
It might
take a long time or maybe…
-We might never--
-Come back.
I'll wait for you.
You'll come back.
You're my dad.
You're not just anyone's dad.
So I know you'll come back.
You think you can wait for me on your own?
Of course.
And I'm not alone.
To be honest.
there were times
when I felt like I was alone.
I didn't have a mom.
and I transferred schools so many times
that I had no friends.
I thought about that a lot
in the cold storage warehouse.
But then I remembered you and thought.
"Oh. that's right."
"I'm not alone."
"I bet Dad's worried about me."
I missed you so much
that I found the courage.
And I knew you felt the same way.
You're not alone.
You have me.
That's why you came to get me.
Min-ji.
I'm okay. I promise.
I'll be brave and wait for you on my own.
Right.
Here.
What's this?
It's a belated birthday gift.
Sweetheart.
Happy birthday.
And…
I love you.
I…
I love you a lot too. Dad.
I have something for you too.
Here.
Kids these days
give this to their parents.
It came out well. right?
You look pretty.
Why are you crying?
Don't cry.
You look ugly when you cry.
Come on. Min-ji. Let's eat.
Okay.
Eat up.
Thank you for the meal.
By the way. what's wrong with the fridge?
Oh. Uncle Jin-cheol used the door
to catch someone.
There was a thief in the house.
Eat slowly.
If you eat quickly.
you'll have to leave soon.
Okay. okay.
Forget it.
Those won't work on him anyway.
Did you receive the terms of my surrender?
You'll guarantee Min-ji's safety. right?
Don't worry.
I'm a four-star general
of the Republic of Korea.
I'm counting on your word.
Goodbye. take…
What are you doing?
Arrest the ones sleeping in the car!
Wake up. Mr. Sung Han-soo.
-Get out.
-Hold on.
-I'm coming.
-How did you get out?
Was there an explosion?
-Gosh. it's gotten chilly.
-Oh. I farted.
You have to be careful.
Hold on.
Receipts for the eel
and everything else we've eaten.
You had wild eel. you jackass?
Oh. right.
He spent the cash.
Goodbye. then.
Let's go.
I left the motorcycle
at Ju Gang-chan's house.
Go get it. It's yours.
Goddamn it.
Thank you for your hard work.
Oh. sorry about that.
Happy birthday. Min-ji.
This is expensive.
so take good care of it.
Dad…
I'm Lee Si-young. the managing partner.
GYUDAM LAW FIRM
MANAGING PARTNER LEE SI-YOUNG
I trust this will remain confidential.
Even our own legal team
is unaware of this.
Don't worry. sir.
But I suggest getting your daughter
out of the country first.
Don't worry. I'll take care of the police.
Damn. the price of gold these days
is no joke.
NOTICE OF PERSONNEL ACTION
AGENT NAME: JUNG SANG-A
RANK: GRADE 6
Demoted by one rank.
Be grateful that this is the extent
of your disciplinary action.
I'm sorry. sir.
DRY CLEANERS FOR SALE
PLEASE CALL THE NUMBER BELOW
DOWON LAUNDRY
I wonder what happened to Kim.
Jin-cheol.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
He should be okay too. right?
Are you sleeping?
How the hell can you sleep?!
GEOSEONG KOREAN MEDICINE CLINIC
Next month's high-level inter-Korean talks
have been abruptly postponed.
No official explanation has been released.
leading to widespread speculation
about the cause.
Some point to internal issues
in the North…
I don't have much to offer.
but please help yourself.
The government
will monitor the situation closely
while continuing its diplomatic efforts
to resume inter-Korean talks.
What if we quietly
take care of him on our end?
He's already been discovered by the North.
They won't let it slide.
How do we explain
that we've been hiding him
all these years. sir?
The general was the one
who granted his discharge.
I trust he'll take
decisive action this time.
DIPLOMATIC VEHICLE 905-17
We have orders to transfer you.
We will follow protocol.
so please cooperate.
BETTER DEATH THAN ENEMY CAPTURE
Are you awake now?
I have
so many questions to ask you.
Welcome home…
Number 66.
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
It's been a while. 66.
What's the mission?
He'll do anything
to see his daughter again.
I only want one thing.
Let me be the one
to finish him off.
Track Kim's location.
Don't forget who has your daughter.
Protecting the people I care about
is more important…
I thought you should say
your final goodbye.
…than killing my enemy.
Subtitle translation by: